c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\FindMe.dll
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\FindMe.pdb
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\FindMe_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.g.resources
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.dll
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.pdb
c:\users\toni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Toni\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Toni\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\Splashscreen.g.cs
C:\Users\Toni\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\ScheduledLocationAgent.dll
C:\Users\Toni\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\Bin\Debug\ScheduledLocationAgent.pdb
C:\Users\Toni\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FindMe\FindMe\obj\Debug\FindMe.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
